Hi guys!
It’s Virtual Cheerleader, Kizuna Ai!
Yayyyyyy!
just look at these soft pom-poms
Pom-poms!
It became May before I noticed it
everybody,
you haven't caught May blues right?
Are you alright?
with that said, that brings us to today's video,
where I’ve gathered counselling requests from twitter
and I'll help you all with your worries
The Virtual Cheerleader, Kizuna Ai, will
help everybody with worries cheer up!
to everybody who caught May blues
with the help of my cheerings!
Cast all your melancholic feelings aside!
so without further ado, let's start!
Pen name: Hau-san
“I've broke up...
it looks like I've not been able to be happy lately
Ai-chan!
Please comfort me!”
Sure thing!
Hurray!~
H
A
U
hurray! hurray! Hau!
HAUUUU-SANNNN!
Even if you have no woman
Ai-Chan is
HEREeeeeeeeEEeeeee!!!!!!!!!!!!
The next one is:
Pen name: Antisocial-san:
“The tooth I fixed at the end of last year
for some reason started to hurt again!”
I see!
Hurray!
Antisocial-san!
hurray! hurray!
Hurray! Hurray!
Antisocial-san!
Antiiiiiiiii
Socialllllllllllll!
Your tooth!
Won't grow again!
Let's go
to a dentist real fast !!
Next one
SOLA-san
“I don't have any friends at school.
Even though I'm already a second year high school student
I still have not made any friends.
Could you tell me how to make friends?”
Aye, leave it to me!
Hurray!
SO-LA-san
Hurray!  Hurray!
SOLA-san!
Hurray! Hurray!
SOLA-san
SOLA-san!!
Things like friends are subjective!
Whether we are all friends
is just subjective!!
perfect
The next one is:
Pen name: Monaka-san
“The other day
I hurt my knee
and can't get to my part-time job so I’m becoming broke.
I do not have the mood to study or work.”
I see
Leave it to me!
Being broke sucks!
Hurray~
Mo-na-ka!
Hurray~ Hurray~
Monaka! Hurray~
Hurray~ Monaka!
If you're broke
Stay at home and watch Ai-chan!
Next is...
Pen name: Free-time-san
"Recently, I haven't been able to get out of Internet Cafes
What should I do?"
Ok, leave it to me
Hurray!
Free
time
guy!
Yay! Yay! Free-time guy!
Free time guy!
*virtually shines from coolness*
If you're finding yourself stuck at internet cafes and you have money,
Go to some attractions or an amusement park!
Take me and pay for me too!
Everyone should be feeling better now, right?
Well then... last one!
Pen name: Sergeant Ebibi-san
“I have no free time at all”
“I can't even watch half the anime I want to see”
“I'd like some encouragement”
*sad* (´・ω・`)
Alright!
Leave it to me!
Hurray~!
Hurray~~!!
Sergeant Ebibi...
... SAN!
HOI ! ＼(*￣▽￣*)／
Hurray! Hurray! Sergeant Ebibi!!
*roll roll roll roll roll roll roll roll*
EBI !!
*cute sfx*
Being busy and having no time at all
Is a good thing!
By using this chance
Let’s stop watching all the other 2D shows!
But you can’t stop watching me! ok?
How was it? Did I kind of cheer you guys up a little bit there?
I think!?
I quite like these pom-poms
Hurray!~ Hurray!~
Y O U...
Everyone! Cheer up!~~
Are you all cheered up? YES! From now on
For those who are working hard out there, I will be sure to cheer you up more in the future!
Virtual Cheerleader, Kizuna Ai, will work hard for it!
So then, this was Virtual YouTuber Kizuna Ai! See you again~!
Hurray!~ Hurray!~
More at the end! Don't end the video here!
Translated by Inori, Jejer, Lime_Grab, Averitius, Sp3000
Check out our discord server Ai Chan Unofficial down below in the comment section!
Monster here~~
Ah! These can be useful for cleaning
AH! Seems good!
AH! Dust! Let's clean it...clean it..